Plurality agreement and fix link (#473)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-ci-scripts/run-docker-in-docker-in-a-ci-stage.md

* Under Shared Paths, add the following:
	+ `/var/run`
	+ `/var/lib/docker`
* Under Advanced, add Stage Variables for your Docker Hub Personal Access Token and any other fields you want to parameterize. For passwords and Personal Access Tokens, select Secret as the variable type.

### Step 2: Define the Build Farm Infrastructure

In the CI Build stage > **Infrastructure** tab, define the build infrastructure for the codebase. See [Set Up Build Infrastructure](/docs/category/set-up-build-infrastructure).

### Step 3: Add a dind Background step

> In the Execution tab, add a [Service Dependency Step](../../ci-technical-reference/configure-service-dependency-step-settings.md) and configure it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Execution tab, add a [Background Step](../../ci-technical-reference/background-step-settings.md) and configure it as follows:
```

Reviewer: I was asked to update the tutorial to use a BG step (rather than a Service Dependency) to implement the DinD service.
